How far is Fearless Brother Chen Jiashang?
Although domineering
But they are all my old classmates
You don't know them in general
I wanted to punish them for little things
Since you said so
Then forget it.
As long as you are happy.
I would do anything
I knew Fearless would be the best for me
Who is it that doesn't walk with eyes?
Who am I?
So it was Zhao Muyan?
Susan, is that you?
Long time no see.
Why is Sun Tzu Feng here?
Zifeng is now my boyfriend
Of course he wants to accompany me to the reunion.
I forgot he was your ex-boyfriend
Sorry.
I didn't mean to break your heart.
I haven't seen the geese for so many years
You are getting more and more beautiful.
Hello, my name is Xiao Wuxi
It's Mu Yan's boyfriend
Zhao Muyan, so this is your new boyfriend?
Dressed so shabby
Not worthy of you at all
Ah, I see.
It must be because you have been single for a long time and are unbearably lonely.
That's why you need all the trash
It's Muyan
Even if I don't want you anymore
You don't need to find this kind of thing to wronge yourself
If you are really lonely
Tell me for the love of the past
I'll satisfy you.